Improving Testing Utilities (#179)
JuliaGaussianProcesses/AbstractGPs.jl: docs/src/api.md

In this situation, implement _both_ the [Internal AbstractGPs API](@ref) _and_ the [FiniteGP APIs](@ref).

In this situation you will benefit less from code reuse inside AbstractGPs, but will continue to benefit from the ability of others use your code, and to take advantage of any existing functionality which requires types which adhere to the AbstractGPs API.

## Testing Utilities

> AbstractGPs provides some a number of consistency tests in the `AbstractGPs.TestUtils`
> module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AbstractGPs provides several consistency tests in the `AbstractGPs.TestUtils` module.
```

These tests will ensure that, for example, the size and type of everything produced by an

> implementation of the API is of the correct, and consistent with the other methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implementation of the API is correct, and consistent with the other methods.
```

> It will not ensure correctness in any absolute sense though (i.e. that `logpdf` indeed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will not ensure correctness in any absolute sense though (e.g. that `logpdf` indeed
```

computes what you wanted it to compute).
Consequently, these tests should be seen as a set of necessary conditions for your code to
be correct.
They are not, however, sufficient.

```@docs
AbstractGPs.TestUtils.test_finitegp_primary_public_interface
AbstractGPs.TestUtils.test_finitegp_primary_and_secondary_public_interface

> AbstractGPs.TestUtils.test_internal_abstractgps_interface

Reviewer: It would be very helpful to clarify (here and/or in the docstrings) what the differences are, and which one a downstream package ought to use.

Reviewer 2: Could link [this](https://github.com/JuliaGaussianProcesses/AbstractGPs.jl/blob/master/docs/src/api.md#which-api-should-i-implement)?
